Mikaela Larkin
Interview over the week of 6/25/2012

What country are you staying in? 
Sandy Bay, Hobart, Tazmania
What university are you attending?
University of Tazmania        
How long have you been there/will you be there?
Five months
What sort of research are you doing?
Took a normal course load with two physics classes, including third year electromagnetism class and experimental astrophysics class. I went with the intention of doing research, but there was a problem with the telescope.
Did being abroad influence the kind of research you’re doing?
Experimental astrophysics was a class not offered at Oberlin – got to use two telescopes, one radio and one optical for different projects because I was at the UofT.
What’s the coolest thing about being abroad?
Bushwhacking or hiking. I did a ton of it – every weekend I could would be a bushwhacking trip. I got to see pretty much the entire state.
What’s your favorite new phrase from the language?
I can’t be bothered/stuffed – It sort of means “screw that” like for tedious assignments.
What’s the hardest thing about being abroad?
It was really expensive. It was really hard to be away from friends and home. Culturally, it wasn’t too different from the US. The lectures ad exams we took were a different format from home, so that was hard to get used to.
What are you doing in your free time?
Aboriginal studies class – studying and doing physics and taking observations.
What’s the coolest thing you’ve seen or done while abroad?
A market in Hobart – they sold everything like food, produce, clothes, souveniors.  I really felt like it was a much healthier place – the air seemed cleaner and it felt pure.
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen or done while abroad?
People’s obsession with vegemite – they put it on everything and eat it by the spoonful. It’s disgusting.
What advice would you offer others going abroad?
No matter where you go, be very proactive about putting yourself out there and doing things. It’s easy to do normal things, it’s a lot harder to make an effort ot get out of your comfort zone. Do something that scares you everyday. 
What skills have you learned abroad?
Approaching strangers with higher authority like professors. It was hard in a place where I don’t know people very well and ask for help. I’m pretty independent, but I got a lot better at paying bills and managing a household. I lived in house with 6 people, 2 were from France, 1 from Denmark, 1 from India, 1 from Maylasia, and another from the US. None of them spoke English well – so my communication skills are super now.
Is there anything you’d do differently or anything you wish you’d have known?
I feel like I did what I wanted to do. I maybe wish that I would have spent less time worrying about work. I had a lot of work, and I came abroad wanting to travel and explore. The workload with the cultural experience was a lot at once. I would get upset if I was in the library all day because I felt like it was something I could do at home. So I got a little frustrated with that.


In the end, after everything, I’m really proud of what I did accomplish there. I did four pretty major, substantial projects. I feel like I did a really good job as well as taking advantage of being in another country in another hemisphere on the opposite side of the world.
